# Vegefood E-Commerce Store - Vegefood is a full-stack e-commerce application for vegetable shopping, built using the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js) with user authentication and CRUD functionalities. ## Features - Product management with image upload - Product filtering and pagination - Product visibility toggle (hide/show) - Category-based data aggregation - User authentication and authorization - Admin dashboard for product and user management. ## Installation - **Clone the repository**: `git clone https://github.com/your-username/vegefood.git` - **Navigate to the project directory**: `cd vegefood` - **Install the dependencies**: `# For the server cd server npm install # For the client cd ../client npm install` - **Setup environment variables**: Create a `.env` file in the `server` directory and add your MongoDB connection string: `MONGO_URI=your_mongodb_connection_string` - **Run the application**: Start the server and client: `# Start the server cd server npm start # In a new terminal, start the client cd ../client npm start` The server will run on port `5100`, and the client will typically run on port `3000` (or another port if specified). ## Usage - **Admin Dashboard**: Access the admin dashboard to manage products and users. - **Product Management**: Add, update, delete, and hide products. - **Category Insights**: View product counts and activity by category and day. ## Contributing - Feel free to submit issues or pull requests. Please follow the code of conduct and contributing guidelines. ## License - This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). --- For any issues or questions, please contact [your-email@example.com](mailto:your-email@example.com).
